hey youtube this is me and Ron and I got
a question for y'all if anyone knows
about my churro beach I've had this
provide yarn that I love it i play with
it like every day but now i don't know
if it's the batteries out know if it to
the controller but whenever i plug it in
I can't hear them talking and I can't
talk into it I messed around with it
yesterday I asked a couple of friends
and I've been holding down like these
pressure and like twisting the wires and
it's been working I'm asking if anyone
knows at all if I have to like open up
the wires or if I have to like take it
back to best buy and ask them look like
they could fix it or if I just need a
new controller I'm getting a five dollar
history thing like that tomorrow I can
still hear the audio in their finger
still hear the audio and unless you if I
can fix it because I if I can't fix it I
can't talk into it one thing's going
meeting of them and get by got hit set
and that for my birthday in February I
am going to get an actual gaming headset
because I'm just getting pissed off of
this damn thing I love this thing it's
my baby personally but it's just really
pissing me off I can't I'll just split
like a hundred bucks for something that
won't work for about a couple months
after using it so if anyone knows
anything about how to like fix it just
message me or post a comment and I might
make another video to see if what
they're telling me is working here I
want to show you why I usually go over
to make it work I'm not see
those but like the little Indian chinks
or whatever in the UH this thing right
here that connects it to the headset
I've been holding them down like
twisting the wires and it's been working
but it's like really staticy it's like
really bad and I just and I I can't play
like that I can't hold it and play with
one hand
I'm skilled like that I just can't do it
so if anything knows if anyone knows
anything message me or call me or post
it even a video response I just likes
cup of brother al VI I don't need to
spend 250 bucks on the astral headset
now I have something that's real that
rivaled it so thanks